Music Library

1. Main menu
    a. Add user (only option initially available)
    b. Change user
    c. Add a song
    d. Get song details
    e. Update song details
    f. Delete a song
    g. Display all songs
2. Add user flow
    a. Prompt user to enter their name
    b. Save a user object with their name and initially an empty list of songs
        i. Song object should have fields for title and other details such as artist and album
-> NOTE: all subsequent steps assume user is logged in........
3. Add song flow
    a. Once logged in, user can choose "Add a song" from the main menu
    b. User is prompted for basic song details, such as title, artist, and album
    c. Song object is saved to the user's songs list
4. Get song details flow
    a. User chooses "Get song details" from the main menu
    b. User is prompted to enter the title of the song they want details for
    c. The application searches the user's song list for a matching title
    d. If a match is found, the song's details (title, artist, album, etc.) are displayed
    e. If no match is found, an appropriate message is shown to the user
5. Update song details flow
    a. User chooses "Update song details" from the main menu
    b. User is prompted to enter the title of the song they want to update
    c. The application searches the user's song list for a matching title
    d. If a match is found, the user is prompted to update the song's details (e.g., artist, album)
    e. The updated details are saved to the song object
    f. If no match is found, an appropriate message is shown to the user
6. Delete a song flow
    a. User chooses "Delete a song" from the main menu
    b. User is prompted to enter the title of the song they want to delete
    c. The application searches the user's song list for a matching title
    d. If a match is found, the song is removed from the user's song list
    e. If no match is found, an appropriate message is shown to the user
7. Display all songs flow
    a. User chooses "Display all songs" from the main menu
    b. The application retrieves and displays a list of all songs in the user's song list, including their details
    c. If the user's song list is empty, an appropriate message is shown to the user
8. Change user flow
    a. User chooses "Change user" from the main menu
    b. User is prompted to enter a user name
    c. The application searches the users for the given user name
    d. If a match is found, that becomes the user
    e. If not match is found, an appropriate message is shown to the user
