Banking app

1. All functionality is housed inside a BankManager class
    a. Methods
        i. main
            - Entry point to start the application
        ii. promptForAccountNumberAndPIN
            - Takes one parameter, a Bank object that represents the bank
            1. Prompts user for account number
                a. If the account exists, user is prompted for the PIN
                    i. If the PIN is correct, method returns the Account object
                    ii. If the PIN is incorrect, user is notified and method returns null
                b. If the account does not exist, user is notified and method returns null
2. Main menu (represents all user features)
    1. Open an account
    2. Get account information and balance
    3. Change PIN
    4. Deposit money in account
    5. Transfer money between accounts
    6. Withdraw money from account
    7. ATM withdrawal
    8. Deposit change
    9. Close an account
    10. Add monthly interest to all accounts
    11. End Program
3. Bank class
4. Account class
    a. Attributes
        i. Account number – a randomly generated 8-digit integer that cannot start with a 0
        ii. Owner First Name – a String that contains the first name of the account owner
        iii. Owner Last Name – a String that contains the last name of the account owner
        iv. Social Security Number – a String (not an integer) that contains the 9 digits of the account owner’s social security number (Note: do not use real social security numbers – use 999 or 000 as the first three digits for this program)
        v. PIN – a String that represents the account owner’s 4-digit personal identification number – randomly generated upon account creation and may start with one or more zeroes
        vi. Balance – a number that represents the account balance in cents
5. CoinCollector class
    a. parseChange method
        i. Takes one parameter: a string that represents a set of coins/change
            o ‘P’ represents a penny (1 cent)
            o ‘N’ represents a nickel (5 cents)
            o ‘D’ represents a dime (10 cents)
            o ‘Q’ represents a quarter (25 cents)
            o ‘H’ represents a half-dollar (50 cents)
            o ‘W’ represents a whole dollar (100 cents)
        ii. Returns a long, which is the total of the coins in cents
6. BankUtility class
